README.md, before:

# Spots for Rocks

A [website](http://spotsfor.rocks) for finding the perfect place to bring your Pet Rock.

---

This is a side project that I am creating to help me learn and understand how to build a full-stack web application.

The stack that I will be using is the MEN (Mongo, Express, Node) stack. In addition, I will also be using ReSTful routes and api to build the application.

The website is hosted on AWS Elastic BeanStalk with a Route 53 domain

Lastly, I am also using Bootstrap 4 and a template engine called EJS to style the site.

---

## Features To Be Implemented

- :black_square_button: Add Places to Visit
- :black_square_button: Verifiable Accounts
- :black_square_button: Likes/Dislikes (Ratings)
- :black_square_button: Dynamic date on comments and Submissions
- :black_square_button: Comments and replies to comments
- :black_square_button: User Profile and Settings
- :black_square_button: Gallery for pictures
- :black_square_button: Popup Login
- :ballot_box_with_check: Implement https

## Pages

- :ballot_box_with_check: Landing
- :black_square_button: Show Spots
- :black_square_button: Show info about a Spot
- :black_square_button: User registration
- :black_square_button: Login

Commit message:

added details of what users can do

README.md, after:

# Spots for Rocks

A [website](http://spotsfor.rocks) for finding the perfect place to bring your Pet Rock.

---

This is a side project that I am creating to help me learn and understand how to build a full-stack web application.

Users will be able to register, login, create/edit/delete (that they own) Spots, add/edit/delete comments (that they own), and view Spots.

The stack that I will be using is the MEN (Mongo, Express, Node) stack. In addition, I will also be using ReSTful routes and api to build the application.

The website is hosted on AWS Elastic BeanStalk with a Route 53 domain

Lastly, I am also using Bootstrap 4 and EJS to style the site.

---

## Features To Be Implemented

- :black_square_button: Add Places to Visit
- :black_square_button: Verifiable Accounts
- :black_square_button: Likes/Dislikes (Ratings)
- :black_square_button: Dynamic date on comments and Submissions
- :black_square_button: Comments and replies to comments
- :black_square_button: User Profile and Settings
- :black_square_button: Gallery for pictures
- :black_square_button: Popup Login
- :ballot_box_with_check: Implement https

## Pages

- :ballot_box_with_check: Landing
- :black_square_button: Show Spots
- :black_square_button: Show info about a Spot
- :black_square_button: User registration
- :black_square_button: Login
